---
id: hyperexecute-job-reports
title: HyperExecute Job Reports
hide_title: false
sidebar_label: HyperExecute Job Reports
description: Effortlessly download your HyperExecute job reports from the UI. Click the Report button on the top right-hand side of your tasks page. .
keywords:
  - TestMu AI Hyperexecute
  - TestMu AI Hyperexecute help
  - TestMu AI Hyperexecute documentation
url: https://www.testmuai.com/support/docs/hyperexecute-job-reports/
site_name: TestMu AI
slug: hyperexecute-job-reports/
canonical: https://www.testmuai.com/support/docs/hyperexecute-job-reports/
---


import BrandName, { BRAND_URL } from '@site/src/component/BrandName';

<script type="application/ld+json"
      dangerouslySetInnerHTML={{ __html: JSON.stringify({
       "@context": "https://schema.org",
        "@type": "BreadcrumbList",
        "itemListElement": [{
          "@type": "ListItem",
          "position": 1,
          "name": "Home",
          "item": BRAND_URL
        },{
          "@type": "ListItem",
          "position": 2,
          "name": "Support",
          "item": `${BRAND_URL}/support/docs/`
        },{
          "@type": "ListItem",
          "position": 3,
          "name": "HyperExecute Job Reports",
          "item": `${BRAND_URL}/support/docs/hyperexecute-job-reports/`
        }]
      })
    }}
></script>
HyperExecute Job Reports are designed to offer deep insights into the performance of your tests. By utilizing these reports, you can identify issues, track progress, and enhance your software testing workflow. Whether you're a developer or QA engineer, understanding and leveraging the various report types is crucial to delivering high-quality software efficiently.

:::tip
If you want to learn how to **generate** and **download** detailed reports, including **multiple reports**, please refer to the [HyperExecute Reports documentation](/support/docs/hyperexecute-reports/) page.
:::

## Extent Report
The [Extent Report](/support/docs/extent-report/) is a robust reporting framework commonly used with Java TestNG, and Selenium tests. It provides a feature-rich environment to explore test results, offering:

- Comprehensive test case summaries.
- Visuals like screenshots and videos of test executions.
- Detailed execution logs.
- Graphical data, including charts and graphs to simplify test result analysis.

## Extent Native
[Extent Native](/support/docs/native-extent-report/) is a more modern reporting solution from the Extent Reports family. Extent Native offers a native reporting experience that is highly interactive and responsive. It supports Java, TestNG, and Selenium tests and includes:

- Drill-down analysis to examine results in depth.
- Custom filtering options for tailored views.
- Real-time updates, accessible on any device for a seamless experience.

## Native TestNG Reports
The [Native TestNG Reports](/support/docs/hyperexecute-native-testng-report/) provide a standardized summary extracted from raw Extent reports for each Virtual Machine (VM) at the conclusion of a HyperExecute job. These reports deliver a consolidated HTML view, generated by the TestNG framework, ensuring easy access to comprehensive testing results

## Allure Report
[Allure](/support/docs/allure-reports/) is a cross-platform reporting tool compatible with various testing frameworks and languages. It offers a rich feature set for comprehensive analysis, including:

- Interactive and responsive reporting dashboards.
- Drill-down analysis to explore test outcomes.
- Custom filters and real-time updates.
- CI/CD tool integration for streamlined workflows.

## Cucumber Report
[Cucumber Report](/support/docs/cucumber-report/) focuses on Cucumber test executions. It provides:

- Test step summaries with detailed logs.
- Screenshots and videos for visual verification of results.
- Charts and graphs for analyzing test trends.

## Playwright HTML
[Playwright HTML](/support/docs/playwright-html-report/) report is specifically designed for Playwright tests and offers detailed execution summaries, including:

- Test suite, case, and step summaries.
- Visual assets such as screenshots and test execution videos.
- Execution logs along with graphical data for analyzing results.

## Specflow
[Specflow](/support/docs/specflow-report/) is a popular testing framework for Behavior-Driven Development (BDD), supporting languages like C#, Java, and Ruby. Its reports include:

- Feature summaries and scenario breakdowns.
- Step-by-step execution details.
- Screenshots, videos, and execution logs for comprehensive result visualization.

## Cypress Mochawesome Report
[Cypress Mochawesome](/support/docs/cypress-mochaawesome-report/) is designed for Cypress and Mocha tests, this report offers:

- Test suite and case summaries.
- Test step breakdowns with logs.
- Screenshots and videos to validate test executions.

## Error Categorization Report
The [Error Categorization Report](/support/docs/error-categorization-report/) report is crafted to help users classify and understand test failures systematically. Key benefits include:

- Simplified error classification by grouping failures with shared characteristics.
- Detailed navigation through the problematic test stages.
- Downloadable data for thorough analysis and resolution.

## JUnit XML Report
The [JUnit XML Report](/support/docs/junit-xml-report/) provides a summary of test results conducted on [Date and Time]. The tests are organized into multiple test suites, with detailed information on execution time, status, and individual test cases.

## Karate Report
[Karate Reports](/support/docs/karate-report/) provide a comprehensive overview of your test execution results, offering detailed insights into test performance, coverage, and failures. With visually appealing and interactive HTML reports, you can quickly analyze test outcomes, debug issues, and share results across teams. These reports are seamlessly integrated into Karate's powerful testing framework, ensuring clarity and efficiency in your test automation journey.

## Robot Report
[Robot Reports](/support/docs/robot-report/) provides a detailed summary of automated test execution using Robot Framework, including test case results, execution time, logs, and captured output. It helps analyze pass/fail trends, identify failures, and validate system functionality across environments.

## Katalon Report
[Katalon Reports](/support/docs/hyperexecute-katalon-report/) summarizes the results of automated test executions in Katalon Studio, including test status, execution time, environment details, and error logs. It provides clear insights into test coverage, performance, and overall build quality.
